You Grace
You've made an excellent hunt
I have no need for stories
I end roughly
It's a fact
Please answer
Tell me
Have the instructions
For your muchas
Fromavaton
Give me an answer
Hold Oh
You order
because of the
war and 삼篇
And he loves Japan
He asserts the problem as an hooks and
I'll take evasion of our culture and minds
and chop off Thessaloniki with economic cord?
Either I'll offer my profits,
or I will abandon and ban separate influences
in the holy sakesR.
If money repairs a state,
But look at this-
Bogotá's imperial court is history.
Allís for Jewish artefacts.
Allís for removing allAttes'
I will be loyal to the country of the Middle East.
I will open the world of the motherland.
I will be present in the family.
I will establish eternal peace.
I will protect the honor of the Empire.
My name is Hiraji.
I am 16 years old. I am 12 months old.
Thank you for watching.